Stop scrolling.
I just spent hours analyzing how $100 million startups handle viral content, and their secret sauce is shockingly simple.
First, stop creating new things constantly.
Use the one-to-N principle: one core idea becomes five pieces of content—a thread, a TikTok, a Short.
The effort is in the thinking, not the reformatting.
Second, viral hooks are actually a science.
They fall into five categories: controversy, curiosity, shock, story, or a simple list.
You don't guess, you test which one works for your audience.
Third, the creators winning right now have pipelines.
They score their hooks, automate the boring parts, and build systems based on data.
It's about working smarter, not harder.
The game has changed.
Are you ready to adapt?